Update advanced-hunting-overview.md (#4360)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/mtp/advanced-hunting-overview.md

To use advanced hunting, [turn on Microsoft 365 Defender](mtp-enable.md).

### Before you begin

Users need one of the following levels of permissions to access Microsoft Defender:

- Full access (read and write)
- Read-only access

**Full access**:

> Users with full access can save, modify, and share a query. Assigning full access rights requires adding the users to the "Security Administrator" or "Global Administrator" AAD built-in roles.

Reviewer: kindly replace "AAD built-in roles." with:

"built-in roles in Azure Active Directory (AAD)."

> Users with full access can save, modify, and share a query. Assigning full access rights requires adding the users to the "Security Administrator" or "Global Administrator" AAD built-in roles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users with full access can save, modify, and share a query. Assigning full access rights requires adding the users to the "Security Administrator" or "Global Administrator" built-in roles in Azure Active Directory (AAD).
```

**Read-only access**:

> Users with read-only access can log in and view all alerts and related information. They will not be able to save, modify, or share a query. Assigning read-only access rights requires adding the users to the "Security Reader" Azure AD built-in role.

Reviewer: replace "Azure AD built-in role."
with
"built-in role in AAD."

After this, and the above change, this can be merged.

> Users with read-only access can log in and view all alerts and related information. They will not be able to save, modify, or share a query. Assigning read-only access rights requires adding the users to the "Security Reader" Azure AD built-in role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users with read-only access can log in and view all alerts and related information. They will not be able to save, modify, or share a query. Assigning read-only access rights requires adding the users to the "Security Reader" built-in role in AAD.
```
